Updating docs for Linode hosting (#285)
open-contracting/deploy: docs/deploy/create_server.rst

Create the server via the :ref:`host<hosting>`'s interface.

Linode
~~~~~~

#. `Log into Linode <https://login.linode.com/>`__
#. Click *Create Linode*

   #. Set *Distribution* (Operating System) to the "Ubuntu 20.04 LTS" image
   #. Set the *Region* to *London UK*
   #. Set *Linode Plan*
   #. Set *Linode Label* to the server name
   #. *Add Tags* indicating the environment (*Production* or *Development*)
   #. Set *Root Password* to a `strong password <https://www.lastpass.com/password-generator>`__
   #. Check *Enable Backups*
   #. Click *Create Linode*

#. Wait for the server to boot (this will take a few minutes)

> #. Configure Instance disks

Reviewer: If "Instance disks" is text from the UI, surround in asterisks.

Author: "Instance disks" is not from the UI, this item is more of a description of what the following indented steps achieve. 

That said, we don't do this anywhere else in the docs. I've removed this line in a new commit.

   #. Select your new server
   #. *Power Off* Linode in order to resize disks
   #. Under the *Storage* tab, Resize the main disk "Ubuntu 20.04 LTS Disk" to the desired storage limits. (Recommended minimum 20GB / 20480MB).
   #. Wait for the disk to resize
   #. Resize and rename the swap disk "### MB Swap Image"

      .. note::

         If RAM is less than 1 GB, swap size should be at least the size of RAM.
         If RAM is less than 2 GB, swap size should be at least half the size of RAM.

>          If RAM is less than 32 GB, swap size should be at least a quater the size of RAM (minimum of 16 GB).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         If RAM is less than 32 GB, swap size should be at least a quarter the size of RAM (minimum of 16 GB).
```

>          If RAM is less than 32 GB, swap size should be at least a quater the size of RAM (minimum of 16 GB).

Reviewer: Does this mean that if there's 3GB RAM, then the minimum swap is 16GB?

Author: I've just committed rephrased text for this section fixing the logic:
> If RAM is less than 2 GB, swap size should be at least the size of RAM.
> If RAM is less than 32 GB, swap size should be at least half the size of RAM.
> Otherwise swap size should be at least a quarter the size of RAM (minimum of 16 GB).

         At most swap should be double the size of RAM.

>          `If swap is not big enough a swap file will be configured as part of the core deployment <https://github.com/open-contracting/deploy/blob/main/salt/core/swap.sls>__`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         If swap is too small, a swap file will be `configured <https://github.com/open-contracting/deploy/blob/main/salt/core/swap.sls>__` as part of the core deployment.
```
